# Tinatra - Ruby powered DSL, which a designed for making twitter bots.

Tinatra is a DSL for making twitter bots. It's like Sinatra. トゥィナトラ.

## Feature

* Easy to make twitter bot
* Run in cron
* Many actions (always,mention,direct\_message,followed,timeline,...)
* Automatic follow return/remove return

## Install

    gem install tinatra

<http://rubygems.org/gems/tinatra>

## Usage

    require 'tinatra'

    timeline do |tweet|
      p tweet #=> New tweet in timeline
    end

    mention do |m|
      p m #=> New tweet in mention
    end

    direct_message do |dm|
      p dm #=> New Direct message
    end

    followed do |user|
      p user #=> New user who is followed
    end

    removed do |user|
      p user #=> User removed
    end

    always do
      # Always run
    end

### Setup

    $ ruby a.rb --db=/path/to/db --init
    ------------ AUTHORIZING ------------
    Input your consumer key: CONSUMERKEY
    Input your consumer secret: PSSSSST

    Access This URL and press 'Allow' in account for tinatra => http://...
    Input key shown by twitter: 0000000

    Authorizing is done.
    $ ruby a.rb --db=/path/to/db

## License

The MIT Licence

(c) Shota Fukumori (sora\_h) 2010-

>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
>of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
>in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
>to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
>copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
>furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
>
>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
>all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>
>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
>IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
>FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
>AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
>LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
>OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
>THE SOFTWARE.

